Current sprint:
TODO: finish book entity refactoring.
IN PROGRESS - 32. Refactor jpa entities. FetchType.LAZY for all @ManyToOne relations. Enable transactions and add @Transactional annotation to service layers.
IN PROGRESS - 26. Add Main page to the site. Something like summary of ratings and recently general news. Use bootstrap scrollspy component for this.
71. Add first screen into the TitlePage carousel. It should be summary of the following:
          Welcome to %Site_name%!
	  We are already xxxx! (where xxx - count of authors).
	  We have xxx books!
	  Online authors - xxx! 


Features:
72. Create new table "sessions" in db with 2 columns - id and session, where id is bigint, session is a string. Session column should contain jwt token. This table will be filled in JwtFilter on every authorized call.
73. Create sessionRepository. We should receive each jwt token and then extract expireDate from them. If token is not expired then user is active. If token is expired then delete this row from db table.
74. If the above solution is slow then create db with 3 columns - id, username, online. And fill it in JwtFilter. Remove rows by schedule.
34. Create online/offline statuses for authors.
28. Import word-like editor to create formatted text on the frontend. For instance. you can use Draft.js component - https://draftjs.org/docs/overview.html.
54. Add reviews page.
36. Create reviews counter in "13000 views | 775 comments | 20 reviews" component on author page.
41. When click on "reviews" in "13000 views | 775 comments | 20 reviews" component user is moved to review list of that book.
55. Add discussions page.
56. Add help page.
2. Add changing password functional to Options page.
11. Add "forgot your password?" functional to login form.
15. Add login/signup via social nets (facebook and so on). Use u-login for this.
30. Add concept of the premium account. It should allow:
                   - to use more large photos and book texts;
                   - gold highlight of the author panel and all of the author books in all rating lists;
                   - higher prioritet in rating and in search. This means that if default account and premium account has the same values/rating then the premium account will be sorted higher;
                   - additional tools in account: text analyzer, create private books and so on;
		   - disable the ads.
31. Create internal user balance. User can convert real money via pay gateway into the internal credits. These credits allow to:
                   - transmit credits between users. For instance, user can transmit credits to his friend or pay credits to other user for creating review of his book;
                   - buy premium account;
                   - buy hidden books of other users. After user buy hidden book it becomes visible for him and needed amount of credits will transmit to other user;
                   - buy additional stuff, such as pdf convertation of the book, some medals to show them on author section page and so on.
21. Add pay gateway.
47. Add defence from overclick visitors by user (by IP or something).
48. Prepare project for stress testing. Separate beans by profiles (production and test) and so on.
49. Add stress testing for backend (use jMeter or something similar). Add scenarios for search books/authors by many users and so on.
47. Add text to the user policy component.
64. Change image fetching algorithm to reduce loading on nginx server. Instead of new Date() create a function that change date in interval (1 min at least).
66. Mark as unread whole chat to determine where unread messages are placed.
24. Split book text on several pages depends on amount of bytes. Added paginator to BookReader component. It's needed for perfomance on mobile devices.
29. Support full localization mechanism.
65. Add test for ChatGroupResponse class constructor.
68. Add logic to "Restore default cover" button on BookPropsForm.
69. Add logic to "Restore default photo" button on OptionsPage.
46. Add filters to Authors page.
45. Add filters to Books page.
75. Set jwt signing key in application.properties. Inject Environment in every bean, which use jwt.


Bugs:
2. Fix bug with editing in login/signup form.
4. Fix bug with character encoding (ANSI) when converting a book.
23. Fix bug with subcomment if quoted comment is placed on another page (probably it will be hidden in this case). You should create new action for receiving subcomment by id I guess.
65. Fix bug with big avatars in messages page on small screens.


Closed:
DONE - 17. Create pagination for comments
DONE - 18. Add subcomments.
DONE - 7. Add comments component to BookReader component.
DONE - 8. Add Estimation component to BookReader component. Move estimation logic to this component, remove duplicate code from other places.
DONE - 15. Create adaptive layout for main pages.
DONE - 16. Create logic for prevent vote from the same IP twice.
DONE - 1. Fix bug with ScrollToTop button (if on BookReader then go to top emmideatly).
DONE - 20. Add ssl support (with test certificate for now).
DONE - 19. Add image for default book cover.
DONE - 12. Revert birthday string on author section page.
DONE - 13. Revert lastUpdate string on author section page.
DONE - 3. Only owner should see his series when editing props of the book.
DONE - 1. Add "Edit series" button to Section page.
DONE - 3. Finish bookListItem on Books page.
DONE - 9. Add paginator to Books page.
DONE - 5. Create all Links components between pages.
DONE - 14. Write unit tests for all controllers and business logic. Do refactoring if needed.
DONE - 27. Let nginx proxying all requests to backend. It will allow to create embedded Tomcat cluster in the future.
DONE - 35. Create comments counter in "13000 views | 775 comments | 20 reviews" component on author page.
DONE - 33. Fix "Author page" button layout on authors page.
DONE - 37. Click on author avatar leads to activate author's Section page.
DONE - 38. Click on book cover leads to activate reader with current book.
DONE - 39. Click on author avatar on authors page leads to activate author's page.
DONE - 43. Click on author avatar in the Section page moves user to Options page.
DONE - 6. Create views counter in "13000 views | 775 comments | 20 reviews" functional.
DONE - 22. Add timestamp to panel "Text" in BookPropsForm for showing the last time when user loaded text.
DONE - 40. When click on "comments" in "13000 views | 775 comments | 20 reviews" component then user is moved to comments section of the book (in reader component).
DONE - 42. Go to top of the screen when changing page.
DONE - 36. Create all ratings on Ratings page.
DONE - 10. Add user policy component to signup form.
DONE - 48. Add friends page.
DONE - 49. Add adding friend mechanism.
DONE - 60. Add "Add to friend" logic to Friends page.
DONE - 52. Add messages page.
DONE - 53. Add message exchange mechanism.
DONE - 61. Add "Send message" logic to Friends page.
DONE - 62. Add counters to menus (like Friends (6) and Messages(6)).
DONE - 57. Add or delete groups page.
DONE - 25. Fix bug when deleting serie, which is used by some book. This leads to exception on serverside.
DONE - 58. Add "return to author" button on reader page.
DONE - 59. Add search logic to Friends page.
DONE - 59. Add search logic to Messages page.
DONE - 50. Add news page.
DONE - 51. Add news content generator mechanism.
DONE - 67. Add other news for news page (create book, update personal info etc).
DONE - 63. Add "read news" button logic to friends page.
DONE - 66. Add paginagion by alphabet in books page.
DONE - 67. Add paginagion by alphabet in authors page.
DONE - 70. Add vertical carousel with mouse scroll on TitlePage. 
DONE - 44. Autoupdate jwt token when user is active.
